Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-assignment-3-working-with-change-requests
<br>
Perform the change requests as per the guidelines provided. There are several files outlining all the details. The main project part is on the project source. In our case this is JEdit. The project description can be found in file JEdit_Description.doc.

The change requests can be found <a href="SoftwareChange-Part_b/Option-2/ChangeRequestsPhase_JEdit.doc">in file ChangeRequestsPhase_JEdit.doc</a>. As discussed in the lecture, you need to do any THREE of the change requests. If you have been experiencing difficulties in compiling/running the program, you will have to do FIVE of the change requests. In this case, you report all those details expect the real implementations. You can also see the sample answers for the WinMerge project in Dropbox. There is also anther alternative for those who are not willing (or having difficulties) to compile/run. They can do THREE change requests (just the reporting) and they can contact me for further instructions for reading a paper and provide comments. If you were able to run/compile and submit more than the required THREE change requests, you get one full bonus mark for each of the additional ones. This bonus is directly added to your final grade. So, this is a big deal for those who already finished more than THREE. While you can still try doing more for bonus marks, it is however not fully recommended. I would like you guys to wrap this up by this Friday. Please make all those clear in the reporting (at the first page) so that the markers are aware of what category you are in.

A standard format can be found in file Report_Format.doc. Use this format when reporting your results. So, there are a total of three documents on this part.

<strong>Submission Guidelines: </strong>Submit a zip file containing your deliverables in Moodle under Assignment 1. Make the folder name as your last names and the name of the assignment such as <strong>LastName1LastName3Assignment1.zip</strong>. This folder will have several subfolders depending on your deliverables. Provide a <strong>ReadMe.txl</strong> file just under <strong>LastName1LastName2Assignment3 </strong>folder.